# Codsoft
Python Programming
# The Aritmetic Calculator is a basic calculator that allows users to enter 2 numbers and users will be able to add,subtract,divide and multiply those numbers and see the resukt presented on the screen. There is also a clear function that allows users to clear the numbers and input new ones.
# The to do list constitutes of a .ui file made by qt designer. It is a to do list that allows users to enter a task and adds it to the list widget which displays the tasks. It also lets users delete function by clicking on it using the delete button. The create list button is used by the user once all the tasks are added and it returns a list with checkboxes that helps users keep track of their tasks. Finally, the update_list button allows users to clear their list and add new items and  create a new list.
# The Contact Book allows users to store contacts in a table widget. It stores their name,phone number,email and address. In case of a missing field an error message will be returned. Moreover, there are also checks to ensure that the name does not include any characters and the number is exactly 11 digits and only numbers and the email address contains"@" and ".com". The add contact enables users to add the deatils of a contact in the table widget (by appending it in a list). The view contacts enables users to view a list of all contacts that have been saved. The search function allows users to enter a name and displays the information of that contact. The delete function similarly allows users to search for a contact and delete it by removing it from the table. The update contact allows users to enter new details of an already added contact and it replaces their contact deatils.
